I read here the version that she is strong by the fair I liked his style I think
that she sent home well so little more because I wanted to launch a challenge.
here with my friend and wet silveira Dakar in April
give a little more of this year for the vacancy
added that this reason
in these cases it is a superb
paulo when the beaches the cacique in the capital
- Thank you from the heart.
pray shahlai you can add city first
lottery
bafin will try to beat cuba aideia laddie then goes new york plate already
come back to show us
Why is it illegal?
and there ended up with erosion already
assembled in the style of the round to see the nation
your interest in itself this cruel means
this group and the bars and similar Belenenses, maybe we have to
result of this year
so we know what's best for this year we should put in the angle
left
known to the state, interested them a lot in this decade and one with a blouse
military with four gun bullets the same irreverence and house measles
- some of them the performance of squid
my job is sandra utility here have to help haitian
read all of the times we stay with him are léo goiano own
house and sealing panels of article 91-a of the law even in this
moment of the area and did well
and neither
they called me the movie trail we already passed appeared on my show
It's difficult, you already have a deadline
Thank you to be healed.
need
the walk is long
the fish plus a blood test but speaking on behalf of the singer's wife